Boundary Docs: Configure workers refactor (#3077)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/boundary/v1.0.x/content/docs/session-recording/configuration/configure-worker-storage.mdx

- `Critically low storage`: The worker is below half the storage threshold. Existing sessions that are enabled with session recording will be forcefully closed. The worker is not available to record new sessions or play back existing recordings.

> - `Out of storage`: The worker has less than 1 MB of available disk space. It is not available to record new sessions or play back existing recordings. An administrator must free disk space on the worker to remedy the issue.

Reviewer: Question on less than 1 MB- this state happens when the disk returns "no space left on device" so I think the older wording on "out of local disk space" was more accurate, though less than 1 MB also isn't untrue

- `Out of storage`: The worker has less than 1 MB of available disk space. It is not available to record new sessions or play back existing recordings. An administrator must free disk space on the worker to remedy the issue.

- `Not configured`: The worker does not have a `recording_storage_path` configured.

- `Unknown`: The default local storage state of a worker. This state indicates that the local storage state of a worker is not yet known. Older workers (< 0.16.0) will be in this state.

If a worker is in an unhealthy local storage state, Boundary does not allow new session recordings or session recording playback until the worker is in an `available` local storage state.

To recover a worker from an unhealthy state, free disk space in the `recording_storage_path` directory.
The worker returns to the `available` state on its own, and does not require a restart.

<Note>

  A worker in an unhealthy state does not return to `Available` as soon as it crosses back over the threshold.
  Available disk space must reach 125 percent of the `recording_storage_minimum_available_capacity` value.

>   Boundary requires the extra headroom so that a worker near the threshold does not flip back and forth between states.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Boundary requires the extra disk space so that a worker near the threshold does not switch back and forth between states.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if these words would be common to a non-native English speaker.

> </Note>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A worker in an unhealthy state does not return to `Available` as soon as it crosses back over the threshold.
  Available disk space must reach 125 percent of the `recording_storage_minimum_available_capacity` value.
  Boundary requires the extra headroom so that a worker near the threshold does not flip back and forth between states.
```

Reviewer 2: Since this is just informative, it shouldn't be a note.
